README.md, before:

## README

[Pagedown](https://code.google.com/p/pagedown/) is really simple to use. However, the Markdown-to-HTML converter it provided
is simple too(too simple) that we may want a more powerful one. And I think the best method is to use the converter on the **server** side, because there are many Markdown parsers you can choose from and most of them are powerful enough.

I delete the code of Pagedown's JavaScript Markdown converter and live previewer. To preview the markdown content user-inputted, in this demo, the markdown content will be sent to the server with AJAX and converted at the server side, then get back the HTML and render the HTML content into the page. Bootstrap is used to control the page style.

The 'preview.py' file is just the one which is used in [Argic](https://www.github.com/galeo/argic).

To see the demo, you need to install [web.py](http://www.webpy.org), [misaka](http://misaka.61924.nl/) and [pygments](http://www.pygments.org). Execute the command `python server.py` or `./server.py` in Terminal and visit the address `http://0.0.0.0:8080/`.


Here are two screenshots:

The editor:

![Pagedown-Editor](https://raw.github.com/galeo/pagedown-editor-only/master/static/images/pagedown.png)

Content preview:

![Content-Preview](https://raw.github.com/galeo/pagedown-editor-only/master/static/images/preview.png)


**Note**: Only tested in Chrome and Safari.

Commit message:

Info about how to resize the textarea.

README.md, after:

## README

[Pagedown](https://code.google.com/p/pagedown/) is really simple to use. However, the Markdown-to-HTML converter it provided
is simple too(too simple) that we may want a more powerful one. And I think the best method is to use the converter on the **server** side, because there are many Markdown parsers you can choose from and most of them are powerful enough.

I delete the code of Pagedown's JavaScript Markdown converter and live previewer. To preview the markdown content user-inputted, in this demo, the markdown content will be sent to the server with AJAX and converted at the server side, then get back the HTML and render the HTML content into the page. Bootstrap is used to control the page style.

To resize the textarea of the editor(just like what StackOverFlow does), I use a script from [here](https://github.com/vasanth-v/Jquery-textarea-resize-autogrow).

The 'preview.py' file is just the one which is used in [Argic](https://www.github.com/galeo/argic).

To see the demo, you need to install [web.py](http://www.webpy.org), [misaka](http://misaka.61924.nl/) and [pygments](http://www.pygments.org). Execute the command `python server.py` or `./server.py` in Terminal and visit the address `http://0.0.0.0:8080/`.


Here are two screenshots:

The editor:

![Pagedown-Editor](https://raw.github.com/galeo/pagedown-editor-only/master/static/images/pagedown.png)

Content preview:

![Content-Preview](https://raw.github.com/galeo/pagedown-editor-only/master/static/images/preview.png)


**Note**: Only tested in Chrome and Safari.
